README.md, before:

# ReadMe

## Requirements
For inlay hints to work, you need at least version 0.10.0 (currently only nightly).

To be able to fully use all of this configs features, a few requirements need to be installed:

`sudo apt install gcc g++ ripgrep fd-find`

Lazygit:

```
LAZYGIT_VERSION=$(curl -s "https://api.github.com/repos/jesseduffield/lazygit/releases/latest" | grep -Po '"tag_name": "v\K[^"]*')
curl -Lo lazygit.tar.gz "https://github.com/jesseduffield/lazygit/releases/latest/download/lazygit_${LAZYGIT_VERSION}_Linux_x86_64.tar.gz"
tar xf lazygit.tar.gz lazygit
sudo install lazygit /usr/local/bin
```

## Keymaps
Coming soon.
In the meantime, you can use `which-key`

## Adding a new LSP
Installing a new LSP is done via the `:LspInstall {servername}` command. 

You may need to run `:LspStart` for cmp to properly use the LSP sources. 

A new LSP will be configured using a default config. However, you can also configure an LSP on your own.

### Configuring an LSP
If you want to do additional LSP configuring, head to the `lua/raizento/lsp/config` directory. 
Take a look at `rust_analyzer.lua`:
```lua
local M = {}

M.config = function(capabilities)
  return function()
    require("rust-tools").setup({})
  end
end

return M
```

You need to add a file `lua/raizento/lsp/config/servername.lua` 

For the config to recognize the file it has to have the exact same name as `lspconfig` uses (so `{lspconfig_servername}.lua`).

Inside your file, you need to create a table which has a `config`-entry. It needs to return a function covering all your configuration steps.
**This includes the call to `lspconfig` to setup the server.**

### Using plugins for LSP configuration

Plugins for LSP configuration such as `neodev` or `rust-tools` can be put into `lua/raizento/lsp/lsp-plugins.lua`.
The corresponding servers should then be setup in the way described above.

Commit message:

Refactor config (#12)
* Replaced .opt for .o

* Added functionality to make Telescope UI fullscreen; filename noch comes first in results

* ruler and cmdheight now removed, fixed autocmd

* Removed all plugins except for Telescope

* Now also searches through hidden files, mapping for previous searches

* Readded nvim tmux navigation

* Disabled additional highlighting and removed smart rename

* Added lualine back

* Removed ufo

* Added indent-blankline back in

* Added lazygit back in

* Removed lazygit telescope extension

* Removed abolish

* Removed vimtex

* Update to the cmp config

* Limit lagging when using cmdline autocompletion

* Only set keyword_length to 3 if on WSL

* Added tags command for Telescope

* Added GitSigns back in

* Fixed typo in keybinding

* Adjusted border option for hunk preview

* Added markdown preview back in

* Added transparent back in

* Added oil

* Configured mappings for oil

* Added whichkey back ing

* Refactored which key configuration

* Removed neo-tree

* Added lsp-plugins back in

* Removed neodev as its EOL

* Added lazydev

* Added mason back in

* Added lazydev source for cmp

* Removed rust-tools and neodev

* Added lspconfig back in

* Removed jdtls

* Added nvim-java

* Removed jdtls config as not needed

* Now setting up java

* Fixed problems with java setup

The {} gave an empty table as a parameter.
As such, the default options also got overwritten and were never applied, leading to the pluging not working correctly

* Corrected gitsigns keybind description

* Navigation to line beginning/end now also work in visual mode

* Added keybinds for jumping through quickfix list

* Added treesitter textobjects

* Updated ReadMe.md

* Updated ReadMe

* Updated ReadMe

README.md, after:

# ReadMe

## Requirements
For inlay hints to work, you need at least version 0.10.0.

To be able to fully use all features of this config, install the following dependencies:

`sudo apt install gcc g++ ripgrep fd-find`

Lazygit:

```
LAZYGIT_VERSION=$(curl -s "https://api.github.com/repos/jesseduffield/lazygit/releases/latest" | grep -Po '"tag_name": "v\K[^"]*')
curl -Lo lazygit.tar.gz "https://github.com/jesseduffield/lazygit/releases/latest/download/lazygit_${LAZYGIT_VERSION}_Linux_x86_64.tar.gz"
tar xf lazygit.tar.gz lazygit
sudo install lazygit /usr/local/bin
```

## Keymaps
All keymaps have entries in `which-key`. 

## Adding a new LSP
Installing a new LSP is done via the `:LspInstall {servername}` command. 

You may need to run `:LspStart` for cmp to properly use the LSP sources. 

A new LSP will be configured using a default config. However, you can also configure an LSP on your own.

### Configuring an LSP
If you want to do additional LSP configuring, head to the `lua/raizento/lsp/config` directory. 
Take a look at `lua_ls.lua`:
```lua
local M = {}

M.config = function(capabilities, on_attach)
  return function()
    require("lspconfig").lua_ls.setup({
      capabilities = capabilities,
      on_attach = on_attach,
      settings = {
        Lua = {
          hint = {
            enable = true,
            paramName = "All",
          },
        },
      },
    })
  end
end

return M
```

You need to add a file `lua/raizento/lsp/config/servername.lua` 

For the config to recognize the file it has to have the exact same name that `lspconfig` uses (so `{lspconfig_servername}.lua`).

Your `servername.lua` file needs a table which has a `config` entry. The `config` entry needs to return a function covering all your configuration steps.
**This includes the call to `lspconfig` to setup the server.**

### Already set up LSPs
`nvim-java` sets up `JDTLS` and `spring-boot-tools` for Java.
